hey guys cat here and my hair is mess
but today has been a long day so I'm
just gonna film this - so it is
officially summer for most people summer
vacation and I figured summers a time
where people have more free time and
they also tend to want more money to
actually do things with their summer I
filmed this video last summer but I
didn't like how it turned out and I
never ended up posting it I'm going to
start with the app I've earned released
onto the app I've earned the most on so
I was using this film last year before I
got a new phone so I still have the apps
on here but I didn't want to download
them on my other phone in case the
credits would disappear the first app
I'm going to talk about is called with
seat hogs basically you just take
pictures of your receipts it'll give you
like coins for them or like a slot point
thing so you'll like see what you could
win through a slot machine it's kind of
fun and I feel like most people just
throw their receipts away so that's
something that you could do to get money
from them just put the camera on take
your pictures or see hey it's me I've
done quite a few and it takes like no
time really just like snap the picture
and then it'll like reward you the coins
and like a couple hours usually that's
an app that if you just want to like
pretty much do nothing and get more
money also I don't use a lot of receipts
like this has been like a year's worth
if you go shopping a lot and then you'd
probably get up there a lot quicker than
I did but it takes grocery receipts like
restaurant receipts a lot of different
things and the final app is on my
current phone so if you download the app
and you sign up with a certain code you
start off automatically with ten dollars
and you have to get to twenty to check
out I think I got 220 in like a weekend
this is all the money I made just for my
mom
things you can buy Oreos and get 50
cents for it you can buy bananas get 25
cents bread 25 cents beauty blenders
which yeah that's weird but Real
Techniques has like a pack here I have
mine right here um this is something I
needed to buy anyways like real
techniques like the Beauty Blender
knockoffs I don't know but I needed some
because my dog chewed up my other one
and then I found it on a boat and it was
like a dollar 50 and you can shop
there's a lot of stores on here there's
Walmart Target Best Buy you can go to a
store so I'm on Walmart and you can find
items like a bag of Doritos and Oreos
Cheerios certain frozen pizzas shampoos
just like a large variety of things as
long as you have your receipt and then
the correct item you should be able to
earn on it you could easily just like
take your parents receipts when they
come from like shopping and make money
on it because that's pretty much what
I've done I didn't get sponsored for any
of these by the way however if you want
to sign up and want to start off with
$10 you can use my code every time
someone uses my code and then starts
using the app and it's like making money
of their own then I earn five dollars
per person so you don't have to but it
would help me out when someone puts in
my code you become like a teammate of
mine and if I earn some this month and
you earn some this month teammates can
like earn extra bonuses together because
you guys like did it together I don't
really know but that'd be really cool if
you want to become my teammate and then
you can invite your friends and then
get $5 for each of them as well I hope
this helps if you're looking for a way
to make some extra cash on the side or
save up or I don't know if you're bored
this summer and you want money
if you end up you're doing this or you
have any questions leave them in the
comments below if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and maybe
subscribe also you can check out my
social medias down below bye guys
[Music]